c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel.dll
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel.pdb
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel.pri
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\PicturePlayer.Client.Model.dll
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\PicturePlayer.Client.Model.pdb
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\PicturePlayer.Client.Model.pri
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pri
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel.dll
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel.pdb
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\vdanishevskiy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PicturePlayer.Client\PicturePlayer.Client.ViewModel\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
